the tunnel had taken off her panties
Let's get calm here.
The second amendment I lost but I lost.
in all the stations on the ground and make a
way so direct it strawberry Andrew
do not go there with the beloved violin urias
now does not occupy a bug that
before you hit that plate here
Just talk about it
comes right
Well I think it will give the note 5
Because I did very well is a
dish because it is not so simple to be
made a brunette looks good but I did not go
just not right
everybody rosana help
if it were for the dish in his day would be five
but how did you do nothing alone?
of all points I'm going to give two
many points why do nothing
nothing alone nothing nothing
pink because all the agents when he
in the type so said all that had to
to do I had a cell phone in the room everything
So the food is new, but the
andré earns note at night
André does not have why she was so good so
good that I ordered the pumpkin that
helps to cut out everything from children
chose the moranga in reality at 4 for
who do not make a point
is everyone has anything other than here
our challenge is not
andré even making an excellent dish
and managed to put together only five points and
should reach at least 10 of 15 points
he got five have to repeat here
five points in this dispute the andré was é
Damn, I wanted to eliminate him but Andre.
will wash the dishes aggravated j will edit
and the next term it will not prove
something to prove
China is now on the next block is over
today, knowing that he is coming to the
combined vote but before giving you
urgent to detain the right of reply I
I'll say no one's agreed, that's
when something happens the truth
bongi prevails
the next day I'm sure and
illuminate the vote it will be the same thing
in the video it was ridiculous combined that
start talking like I'm all I
I'm quiet, the salary has to speak.
you can be quiet can damage the
Hate said he bought the strawberry is
A lie that made the face because I
I asked you the face the Brazilian found
André is not a strong day I think he
He thinks he's the game lets me.
talk that I'm playing them
are combining vote helps cut the
things for me because I asked you to
accelerate you as well as how much it is
Good for her and now she'll regret it.
was decided in this way was a right
my
He got up brasília now would be a
weight factor in the hour says the marchinha
everyone was waiting for us is the
more complex it is better to do it at all
people said help from all episodes
were made more complex by people not
managed to do it alone that never seems
dried tomatoes makes not love the Brazil tá
Good, thank you. People have sold it so far.
He'll put it there now, we'll have it.
that do something that will have to
come back well in mine for I will go
verbal empire hotel